This magnetic blob might one day save
your life. Why? Cuz doctors right now
are struggling to treat brain tumors.
They can use chemotherapy, but it's like
using a grenade to kill a mosquito.
That's why researchers at ETH Zurich
have developed this. It's a little
gelatin blob that's wrapped in an iron
oxide coating, and it's going to change
everything. They inject the blob into
your bloodstream, and then using
low-strength magnets guide it at speeds
up to 80 cm a second right to the tumor.
Once it's there, they can then flip the
magnetic fields back and forth, which
deforms the gelatin ball causing it to
heat up, dissolving it, and then
releasing the drug so that it can attack
the tumor. It sounds like science
fiction, but it's real. In trials at the
university, they've achieved dosages
7,000 times lower than using
chemotherapy.